feat(pages): add branding (#120)
avivkeller/webpack-doc-kit: pages/about/branding.md

Reviewer: I did block this, but feel free to remove my block once the broken link is fixed, since the page would now be in a new location and the old page is https://webpack.js.org/branding/. There's really no need to change the existing URL.

Author: @bjohansebas I think it's fine to soft-change existing links, as in put this in `about/branding`, with a redirect. I'll add a redirect

</td>
      <td align="center">

[svg](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/artwork/blob/main/projects/webpack/webpack-logo-horizontal-color-dark_background.svg) | [png](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/artwork/blob/main/projects/webpack/webpack-logo-horizontal-color-dark_background.png)

</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center">Light backgrounds</td>
      <td align="center">Dark backgrounds</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Stacked Logo

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center">
        <img
          alt="webpack stacked logo for light backgrounds"
          src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openjs-foundation/artwork/main/projects/webpack/webpack-logo-stacked-color.png"
          width="250"
        />
      </td>
      <td align="center" style="background:#111;">
        <img
          alt="webpack stacked logo for dark backgrounds"
          src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openjs-foundation/artwork/main/projects/webpack/webpack-logo-stacked-color-dark_background.png"
          width="250"
        />
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center">

> [svg](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/artwork/blob/main/projects/webpack/webpack-logo-stacked-color.svg) | [png](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/artwork/blob/main/projects/webpack/webpack-logo-stacked-color.png)

Reviewer 2: Can we not mix Markdown and HTML?

## Trademarks and Licensing

webpack™ and the webpack logo are trademarks of the [OpenJS Foundation](https://openjsf.org/), which has registered trademarks and uses trademarks on behalf of its hosted projects. The webpack name and logos are **not** covered by the MIT license that governs the webpack source code.

Use of the webpack marks, including the name, logos, icons, and any confusingly similar variations thereof, is subject to the [OpenJS Foundation Trademark Policy](https://trademark-policy.openjsf.org/). Before using any webpack mark in a product name, service, domain name, publication, or other offering, please review the Trademark Policy and, where applicable, the [Trademark List](https://trademark-list.openjsf.org/) to ensure your intended use is permissible.

Nothing on this page grants, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any webpack mark except as expressly authorized by the OpenJS Foundation Trademark Policy. Unauthorized use of the marks, or use that creates a likelihood of confusion as to source, sponsorship, or affiliation, is strictly prohibited.

> For a list of trademarks of the OpenJS Foundation, please see its [Trademark Policy](https://trademark-policy.openjsf.org/) page. Questions regarding trademark use may be directed to the OpenJS Foundation. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

Reviewer: Keep it simple and do what the other projects already do. Less is more, and that way we don't have to wait for Robin's approval. For any legal matters, there's already an email address in the Cross Project Council repository.

```suggestion
Webpack is a project of the OpenJS Foundation. Please review the [trademark policy](https://trademark-policy.openjsf.org/) for information about permissible use of webpack™ logos and marks.
```

Reviewer: I'd actually remove this section entirely. The trademark information is already provided at the top.
